This course got updated.
I rerecorded this entire course from scratch,
from the ground up, which means I built a brand new course,
and you do get this brand new course, this update for free.
Now in this lecture, I will explain why I did that,
why I did update this course,
and of course what that means for the old course.
I will explain how I updated the course,
so what changed in the course.
I will talk about the content that changed
and brand new content dead was added.
And of course, I'm also going to explain
what that means for you,
specifically of course how you should proceed
and what that means for your course progression,
your completion certificate, and so on.
Now, very important.
After this lecture, so the very next lecture
is a written summary of this lecture basically.
So please, definitely also check that out
to find a written version,
to find all the details again,
and to also find some answers
to some frequently asked questions there.
Now let's start with the most important part first.
How do you get access to this updated course?
And the answer here is simple.
I inserted this new course into this existing course
in front of the old course content.
So you'll automatically get this new course
since you are enrolled in this course here
since I inserted all the updated content,
so the brand new course therefore,
into this existing course,
which therefore currently holds two courses in one course.
But I'll come back to that problem in a couple of minutes.
Now why did I update this course?
There are two main reasons.
The first reason and the most important reason
is that React evolved.
I did originally recorded this course in 2017,
and I have kept updating it over the years.
I added new content, but React evolved.
And the way I teach React in this course
is simply not the most future-proof way possible.
Specifically and most importantly,
functional components and React Hooks
are the standard way of building components
and React apps going forward.
And this course still focuses very much
on class-based components, the old course that is.
The new course fully embraces
functional components and hooks.
Now I really wanna emphasize.
The existing course, the old course,
does include React Hooks.
I do teach React Hooks in depth there.
We got many hours of just React Hooks content in there,
but I do start with class-based components.
I focus very much on class-based components
in the beginning of the course,
and that's imply not the future-proof way anymore.
Instead, when you learn React,
you should learn it with a focus on functional components
and React Hooks right form the start
and not only dive into React Hooks later
as the old course currently does it.
So that's the main reason for me recreating this course,
but the other reason is of course I also evolved,
and I got tons of helpful feedback from all of you.
And of course, I also used that feedback
to incorporate it into this course
to sharpen explanations, improve examples,
and simply make this course better.
So speaking of that, what did change?
Of course the general structure is the same.
We start with the basics,
components, props, state.
But since I've focused on
functional components and React Hooks only,
the lectures of course are not the same.
Instead, I did rerecord everything.
I did replace all the modules and lectures
in this new course,
and it's not a one-to-one replacement
because of course I introduced hooks very early.
We dive into the different hooks,
the problems related to them.
And therefore, whilst the general concepts are the same,
the content of the lectures is not.
And as I mentioned, I also picked up
lots of feedback you provided,
and I, for example, got rid
of that big course project which we had, the Burger Builder,
and I instead added many smaller,
more focused projects,
so that there is more variety
and it's also easier to switch between sections,
and you don't have to go through
all the other sections first
just to dive into some advanced section.
So that's why I have a brand new course
and why the general structure is the same,
but the content is not.
I do encourage you that you'll have a look
at the course curriculum
and at section one of this new course
to get a good overview of its structure and of the content
and which concepts are taught where.
Because it's a huge course,
if I cover all of that here,
this will be a two-hour video.
So please have a look at those existing resources.
Now the update also brings some brand new content
which you should not miss,
no matter what your current status is.
If you completed the old course, if you just started it,
there is some content which you should not miss,
though I will come back to my recommendations for you
on how to perceive based on your status
in a couple of minutes as well.
As mentioned, in general, you should check out
that full curriculum and that first course module,
but then there are some specific sections
which I wanna highlight here,
which you of course also find in that curriculum though.
For example, there is a brand new Next.js section.
I mean all the sections are brand new,
but this also has way more content
than the old Next.js section, the old course had.
And I definitely recommend
diving to that section therefore.
it's a huge section, more than three hours long,
and it really gives you a great in-depth introduction
into Next.js, which is a framework for React
that helps you improve search engine optimization,
that helps you with server-side rendering,
and that's really worth a closer look.
I also added a pretty big React summary module
to this React course,
which is a great module to dive in if you have limited time,
and you don't wanna go through the entire course just yet.
Or if you took the course in the past
and you wanna get a quick wrap up and summary
of the core React features.
So definitely also have at least a brief look
at this module.
I also recommend that you dive
into the brand new routing module,
since there I used React Router version five,
whereas in the old course we used version four.
The differences are not huge,
but the syntax is slightly different.
So definitely have a look at that.
It's also simply better with all your feedback I got.
And also explore the new Redux modules.
Redux still works as I taught it,
but here I now also do not just teach Redux,
but I also explore Redux toolkit in addition,
which is a great library
that makes working with Redux simpler,
and therefore you should definitely also check out
those sections in this new course.
I did also add a brand new testing module,
a brand new authentication module,
and a brand React + TypeScript module.
And for example, React + TypeScript
was not covered in the old course at all.
Definitely also have a look at those modules
since those modules also contain
lots of very important and useful information
which you should not miss.
And as I mentioned,
I also got rid of that big Burger Builder project,
instead we have many smaller demo projects and examples.
So also have a closer look
at all the course sections that have
practice or project in their names.
Now one important note about the testing,
authentication, and React TypeScript modules,
those modules are not unlocked yet.
They will soon be unlocked
because I am currently hitting that
maximum lecture limit here on Udemy,
and therefore I can only unlock them
once I remove the old course.
And that actually brings me to the next point.
What happens with that old course,
with the existing React course?
Well, as I mentioned, I inserted this new course
into this existing course,
and therefore for a brief period,
you got two courses in one.
This is not something I can keep around forever.
Udemy doesn't like it.
A lot of students don't like it
because you have to go through two courses,
instead of just one.
And it makes the course look bigger
to the outside world than it is.
Therefore, old course lectures
will be unpublished and removed on May 3rd.
So they stay online until May 3rd,
They they will be removed.
But in this course section here,
in the lecture after the next one,
you find download links to all that old course content,
which will also stay around after May 3rd.
So you will keep access to that old course,
even after May 3rd,
just not here in the Udemy platform,
but through those download links.
So you still have access there,
and these download links don't just contain the videos,
but also the captions and extra attachments,
like all those code snapshots.
So you keep that access just not here in the Udemy platform
simply because I'm facing certain limitations here
around which I have to work,
and that is the best possible way I can work around them,
giving you that short transitional period,
and then even thereafter, full access to this old course.
Unfortunately, that means that Q&A threads
and notes will be lost.
These are just limitations that are beyond my control,
but you do get a brand new course for free,
so I guess it's not too bad overall.
But what does this now all mean for you?
How should you now proceed
now that this update is there?
That depends on your current status.
And again, also check out the lecture after this one
for a written summary where you also find
my recommendations again.
There are basically three main states
which we can differentiate.
You did not start the course yet
or you're in very early stages.
You're the third section or something like this,
you are currently doing the course
and you're well into the course,
so you're in section six, or seven, or 10,
or something like that.
Or, you completed the course in the past.
If you just start at the course,
my strong recommendation is that you restart
this course with the updated course.
Since I added the course in front of the old course,
simply go to lecture one and section one,
and restart with that,
and then ignore the old course thereafter.
You can download it through these download links,
which you'll find in this core section here,
in the lecture offered a next one, but you don't have to.
If you are currently going through the course,
you might wanna finish an old course first.
You can also ignore the new course if you want to.
You can either finish it until May 3rd here
inside the Udemy platform,
or you download it so that you can finish it
whenever you want in the future.
Now again,
you can ignore the new course if you want to.
The old course does teach everything you need,
just the structure is not ideal anymore I would say,
but of course have a look at the new course if you can.
Restart the course if you can,
if you have the time and willingness to do so.
Maybe ramp up that playback speed
in the parts that bore you, that you already know.
And go through the new course if possible.
But again, it's not a must-do.
You can stick to the old course if you want to,
also with those download links.
Now if you completed the course in the past,
then you can ignore this update,
you can ignore this new course,
though I do recommend that you at least have a look at those
brand new sections at these
specifically highlighted section
I talked about a couple of minutes ago.
Definitely check out those.
But other than that,
you can ignore the update if you want to.
But of course, you can also restart with the updated course
and take it again to agan learn React
with all that feedback I got from your side
and with this improved way of learning React
that I incorporated into this new course.
Now you can also download the old course
so that you have it for the future,
but you don't have to.
So here, really you have to decide
whether you wanna go through it again or whether you don't.
Now of course I'm aware that there are
two topics that matter to a lot of you,
and that would be the course progress
and the completion certificate.
Now you can manually mark those course lecture as completed
to regain that course progress,
and you then also get that certificate again.
That might sound like cheating,
but since you went through the course before,
this is of course absolutely fine.
And whilst it's annoying,
it's just a couple of minutes of work,
and then you restored your state.
So that's my recommendation here.
And that's it for this lecture.
Again, check out the lecture thereafter,
and I hope you enjoy the update
and you get a lot out of it.